README.md, before:

# Flix

Flix is an app that allows users to browse movies from the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

📝 `NOTE - PASTE PART 2 SNIPPET HERE:` Paste the README template for part 2 of this assignment here at the top. This will show a history of your development process, which users stories you completed and how your app looked and functioned at each step.

---

## Flix Part 1

### User Stories
`TODO://` In the **User Stories section below**, add an `x` in the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any user story you complete. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after checking off completed user stories)

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [X] (2pts) User sees an app icon on the home screen and a styled launch screen.
- [X] (5pts) User can view and scroll through a list of movies now playing in theaters.
- [X] (3pts) User can view the movie poster image for each movie.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pt) User can view the app on various device sizes and orientations.
- [ ] (1pt) Run your app on a real device.

### App Walkthrough GIF

![Flix Part 1 (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96842497/153553030-7694962d-afe5-4294-9b8c-990a51def0b6.gif)

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

(1) I still have time connecting the Table View object from Main storyboard to the view controller file. For example, the connection is not complete and it left a empty circle instead.

(2) I have difficulty install Cocoapot using Brew. I think it's because of the user priviledge

Commit message:

Part 2 Submission
Flix Part 2 Submission

README.md, after:

# Flix

Flix is an app that allows users to browse movies from the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

📝 `NOTE - PASTE PART 2 SNIPPET HERE:` Paste the README template for part 2 of this assignment here at the top. This will show a history of your development process, which users stories you completed and how your app looked and functioned at each step.

## Flix Part 2

### User Stories

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [X] (5pts) User can tap a cell to see more details about a particular movie.
- [X] (5pts) User can tap a tab bar button to view a grid layout of Movie Posters using a CollectionView.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pts) User can tap a poster in the collection view to see a detail screen of that movie.
- [ ] (2pts) In the detail view, when the user taps the poster, a new screen is presented modally where they can view the trailer.

### App Walkthrough GIF

![Flix Part 2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96842497/154218808-017d40ba-e383-4970-ae02-9dab138ea493.gif)

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## Flix Part 1

### User Stories
`TODO://` In the **User Stories section below**, add an `x` in the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any user story you complete. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after checking off completed user stories)

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [X] (2pts) User sees an app icon on the home screen and a styled launch screen.
- [X] (5pts) User can view and scroll through a list of movies now playing in theaters.
- [X] (3pts) User can view the movie poster image for each movie.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pt) User can view the app on various device sizes and orientations.
- [ ] (1pt) Run your app on a real device.

### App Walkthrough GIF

![Flix Part 1 (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96842497/153553030-7694962d-afe5-4294-9b8c-990a51def0b6.gif)

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

(1) I still have time connecting the Table View object from Main storyboard to the view controller file. For example, the connection is not complete and it left a empty circle instead.

(2) I have difficulty install Cocoapot using Brew. I think it's because of the user priviledge
